README.md, before:

# Computer Vision Notebooks

[![Computer Vision Notebooks](docs/assets/images/social-preview.png)](https://diegoinacio.github.io/computer-vision-notebooks/)

This is an `authorial set` of fundamental _Python recipes_ in notebook format. I started this project with the sole purpose of helping people to understand **Computer Vision** and **Digital Image Processing** concepts as clearly and succinctly as I could.

In addition, I also developed a bit more appealing way to publish these notebooks, in order to make the experience a little more pleasant and productive. You can check it by visiting the [cookbook page](https://diegoinacio.github.io/computer-vision-notebooks/).

[![visit cookbook](docs/assets/icons/visit_cookbook.svg)](https://diegoinacio.github.io/computer-vision-notebooks/)

You can join the [discussion](https://github.com/diegoinacio/computer-vision-notebooks/discussions) section to ask questions and suggest new ideas. And to follow what lies ahead, check out my [python notebook content](https://github.com/users/diegoinacio/projects/6) board.

[![join discussion](docs/assets/icons/join_discussion.svg)](https://github.com/diegoinacio/computer-vision-notebooks/discussions)

This project is part of the collection [Python Notebooks](https://diegoinacio.github.io/python-notebooks/), which is a gathering of cookbooks on **Computer Science**, **Data Science**, **Machine Learning**, **Computer Vision** and more.

[![go python notebooks](docs/assets/icons/go_python_notebooks.svg)](https://diegoinacio.github.io/python-notebooks/)

Created with ❤️ by [Diego Inácio](https://diegoinacio.github.io/)

Commit message:

Upload README with support section

README.md, after:

# Computer Vision Notebooks

[![Computer Vision Notebooks](docs/assets/images/social-preview.png)](https://diegoinacio.github.io/computer-vision-notebooks/)

This is an `authorial set` of fundamental _Python recipes_ in notebook format. I started this project with the sole purpose of helping people to understand **Computer Vision** and **Digital Image Processing** concepts as clearly and succinctly as I could.

In addition, I also developed a bit more appealing way to publish these notebooks, in order to make the experience a little more pleasant and productive. You can check it by visiting the [cookbook page](https://diegoinacio.github.io/computer-vision-notebooks/).

[![visit cookbook](docs/assets/icons/visit_cookbook.svg)](https://diegoinacio.github.io/computer-vision-notebooks/)

You can join the [discussion](https://github.com/diegoinacio/computer-vision-notebooks/discussions) section to ask questions and suggest new ideas. And to follow what lies ahead, check out my [python notebook content](https://github.com/users/diegoinacio/projects/6) board.

[![join discussion](docs/assets/icons/join_discussion.svg)](https://github.com/diegoinacio/computer-vision-notebooks/discussions)

This project is part of the collection [Python Notebooks](https://diegoinacio.github.io/python-notebooks/), which is a gathering of cookbooks on **Computer Science**, **Data Science**, **Machine Learning**, **Computer Vision** and more.

[![go python notebooks](docs/assets/icons/go_python_notebooks.svg)](https://diegoinacio.github.io/python-notebooks/)

If you feel that something here has helped you in somehow, please consider [supporting](https://ko-fi.com/diegoinacio/) this project:

[![support this project](docs/assets/icons/support_this_project.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/diegoinacio/)

Created with ❤️ by [Diego Inácio](https://diegoinacio.github.io/)
